feat: v3.0.0 update (#74)
linode/apl-docs: docs/apps/apps-overview.md

### [Knative](knative.md)
Knative Serving builds on Kubernetes to support deploying and serving of applications and functions as serverless containers.

---

### Security, Compliance & Keymanagement

### [Kyverno](kyverno.md)
Kyverno is a policy engine designed for Kubernetes. It can validate, mutate, and generate configurations using admission controls and background scans.

### [Trivy Operator](trivy.md)
Trivy Operator continuously scans your Kubernetes cluster for security issues, and generates security reports as Kubernetes Custom Resources.

### [Keycloak](keycloak.md)
Keycloak is an Open Source Identity and Access Management solution for modern Applications and Services.

### [Cert-Manager](certmanager.md)
X.509 certificate management for Kubernetes.

### [Sealed secrets](sealedsecrets.md)
Sealed Secrets is a Kubernetes Custom Resource Definition Controller which allows you to store even sensitive information in Git repositories.

### [Falco](falco.md)
Falco is an open source cloud native runtime security tool that makes it easy to consume kernel events, and enrich those events with information from Kubernetes.

### [ExternalDNS](external-dns)

> ExternalDNS synchronizes exposed Kubernetes Services and Ingresses with DNS providers.

Reviewer: The product name on https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns/ is written as ExternalDNS. But we should use it here more consistently.

> ExternalDNS synchronizes exposed Kubernetes Services and Ingresses with DNS providers.

Reviewer: I just adjusted the use of this in other places.

### [Prometheus](prometheus.md)
Prometheus is a systems and service monitoring system. It collects metrics from configured targets at given intervals, evaluates rule expressions, displays the results, and can trigger alerts when specified conditions are observed.

### [Alertmanager](alertmanager.md)
Alertmanager handles alerts sent by client applications such as Prometheus.

### [Grafana Loki](loki.md)
Loki is a horizontally-scalable, highly-available, multi-tenant log aggregation system inspired by Prometheus.

### [Grafana](grafana.md)
Grafana allows you to query, visualize, alert on and understand your metrics no matter where they are stored.

### [Kiali](kiali.md)
Kiali is a management console for Istio to manage, visualize, validate and troubleshoot the service mesh.

### [Jaeger](jaeger.md)
Jaeger is a distributed tracing platform.

### [Grafana Tempo](tempo.md)
Grafana Tempo is an open source, easy-to-use and high-scale distributed tracing backend.

### [Open Telemetry Operator](otel.md)
The OpenTelemetry Operator offers a vendor-agnostic implementation on how to receive, process and export telemetry data.

---

### Service Mesh & Proxy

### [Istio](istio.md)

> Istio is an open platform for providing a uniform way to integrate microservices, manage traffic flow across microservices, enforce policies and aggregate telemetry data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio is a service mesh for providing a uniform way to integrate microservices, manage traffic flow across microservices, enforce policies and aggregate telemetry data.
```
